Did a second session of Cain's Jawbone today. I had left the initial session with a sort of overwhelming sense of it being a massive mountain I was at the bottom of. This second session saw a few break throughs. The page summaries or at least what i'm carrying on this first foray into the text could be summarized as: 

1. Page 06: I wasn't prepared for a reference to an obscure Shakespeare play. It's been decades since I did my dive into the bard. I also wasn't prepared for a reference to obscure Shakespeare followed by a reference to Holmes. In 1934, Holmes was just 50 years old. I have a feeling this page will definitely need to be re-examined once I have more knowledge. 
2. Page 07: Tons of alliteration, metaphor, and literature here again. What this page has to do with the whole is beyond me but like page 6, i'm interested in what it'll end up meaning.
3. Page 08: This page and page 8 are both extremely important I feel. These are the first two pages I can confidently say are important and potentially defining what the book is actually about. There seems to be an investigator who has an assistant, who taught at a Peebles university, and is in a bit of a strained relationship. The magnifying glass is certainly something.
4. Page 09: Much like the previous page, we have a few more items of interest. I am interested in the military background of what seems to be a first person account of a former soldier. I get Poirot vibes here.
5. Page 10: So many different references to days and the bet is certainly interesting.

Overall, these 5 pages sort of cemented that this is the thing i'm going to enjoy doing. It remains to be seen if I can actually have the attention span to keep things up. 